---
layout: post
title:  "Begin"
date:   2017-05-11
---

Today marks the beginning of my journey into blogging. While I've kept a journal
in the past, I figure most of what I write down isn't private and could
potentially be useful to people.

As my time at [Oregon State University](http://oregonstate.edu) comes to a
close, I'm realizing there's still a lot of skills I'd like to learn. One
of those skills is to become a writer. Not a professional writer, but someone
who controls the English language well and is comfortable putting thoughts
to paper. While I currently write a lot of technical documents for my senior
project, they're pretty lifeless and not intended to be re-read. Keeping a
blog will force me to polish my writing to the point that I'm comfortable with
the entire Internet having access to it.

Additionally, while I'm not opposed to working for a company, I hugely enjoy
being in control of my own time. It's my intent after finishing college to see
how long I can survive as a freelancer. This is sort of the ["millennial
dream"](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/On_the_Road), and if I can make it work, I
think my experiences would be worthwhile reading for others.

Finally, I've been learning a lot of cool stuff right recently, from figuring
out how to use [vim](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vim_(text_editor)) as my
primary text-editor, to diving into Computer Science theory and using
[Haskell](http://book.realworldhaskell.org/read/) in a side-project I intend to
implement over the summer. (more about that later)

My hope is that this blog will help me record what I learn and stay true to my
goals. Expect book reviews, photography, thoughts, tutorials, rants. If you
happen to find my posts interesting or learn something meanwhile, well that's
just icing on the cake. :cake:

Skål
