---
layout: post
title:  "Begin"
date:   2017-06-02
---

Today marks the beginning of my journey into blogging. While I currently keep a
journal, I've realized that most of what I write down isn't private and could
be useful to people.

As my time at [Oregon State University](http://oregonstate.edu) comes to a
close, I'm realizing there's still a lot of skills I'd like to learn. One of
those skills is to become a writer. Not a professional writer, but someone who
controls the English language well and is comfortable putting thoughts to
paper. I don't expect that keeping a blog will turn me into Jack Kerouac, but
it should force me to polish my writing to the point that I'm comfortable with
the entire Internet having access to it.

Additionally, while I'm not opposed to working for a company, I hugely enjoy
being in control of my own time. It's my intent after finishing college to see
how long I can survive as a freelancer on the road. If I can make it work, I
think my experiences would be worthwhile reading for others.

Finally, I've been learning a lot of cool stuff recently, from figuring out how
to use [vim](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vim_(text_editor)) as my primary
text-editor (I'm writing this blog post with it!), to diving into parsing
theory and using [OCaml](https://realworldocaml.org/v1/en/html/index.html) in a
side-project I intend to implement over the summer (more about that later).

My hope is that this blog will help me record what I learn and stay true to my
goals. Expect book reviews, tutorials, photography, thoughts, rants. If you
find my posts interesting or learn something meanwhile, that's just icing on
the cake.

